### NOTE - THIS TAG IS PURELY FOR COLTHAGINIAN COLLAPSE AND COLTHAGE BALKANISATION PURPOSES, IT SHOULD NOT BE USED IN STANDARD GAMEPLAY OTHERWISE

capital = 699

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	zebra_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
    melee_weapons1 = 1
    infantry_weapons = 1
    pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 80
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 60
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 20
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1006.5.2"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5

add_ideas = {
	proper_science_base
	civilian_economy
	pre_industrial_society2
	poverty2
}

# Characters
recruit_character = HIE_Hiram_Zerranid

recruit_character = HIE_Grandmaster_Of_Love
recruit_character = HIE_Grandmaster_Of_Joy
recruit_character = HIE_Grandmaster_Of_Pleasure
recruit_character = HIE_Grandmistress_Of_Companionship
recruit_character = HIE_Grandmistress_Of_Poetry
recruit_character = HIE_Grandmistress_Of_Violence

recruit_character = HIE_Tabnit_Abibaalid
recruit_character = HIE_Arvad_Zimridatid
recruit_character = HIE_Arvad_Zimridatid_2 # Same slot
recruit_character = HIE_Adoniah_Tanyihit
recruit_character = HIE_Jezalla_Zaalatit
recruit_character = HIE_Jezalla_Zaalatit_2
recruit_character = HIE_Qarnaim_Sikarbaalid
recruit_character = HIE_Qarnaim_Sikarbaalid_2
recruit_character = HIE_Zisa_Shibanit
recruit_character = HIE_The_Guide

recruit_character = HIE_Philosir_Zabdosirid
recruit_character = HIE_Zitthobaal_Zishanit
recruit_character = HIE_Izabel_Zadoniait
recruit_character = HIE_Milherem_Zikkalid
recruit_character = HIE_Zibibaal_Tammuzid
recruit_character = HIE_Adoncia_Zhemenid
recruit_character = HIE_Aqhat_Hailamaid
recruit_character = HIE_Zashtartyaton_Abdosirys
recruit_character = HIE_Izavel_Belzid
recruit_character = HIE_Resheph_Tammuzit
recruit_character = HIE_Zadohnes_Hibanit
recruit_character = HIE_Tanith_Carnaid
recruit_character = HIE_Kanmi_Autnapid
recruit_character = HIE_Tabnit_Shapashays
recruit_character = HIE_Domina_Emeshmonys
recruit_character = HIE_Zaqhat_Hiramit
recruit_character = HIE_Zatrun_Akarbaalys
recruit_character = HIE_Zaqhat_Zezidys
recruit_character = HIE_Zimrida_Ikkalid
recruit_character = HIE_Hyrum_Zalissanid
recruit_character = HIE_Zyrum_Adoniahit
