capital = 642
oob = "WAT_1007"
set_research_slots = 1

set_technology = {
	pony_race =  1
	melee_weapons = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 0
	communism = 80
	neutrality = 10
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1006.09.09"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_stability = 0.50

set_war_support = 0.05

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = WAT_keeper_eathelin
recruit_character = WAT_winter_breeze
recruit_character = WAT_velvet_emeraldflame
recruit_character = WAT_godwine_brasseyes
recruit_character = WAT_leofgyd_tealmane
recruit_character = WAT_council_of_keepers
recruit_character = WAT_haylay
recruit_character = WAT_elia_storm
recruit_character = WAT_aldus_warrior
recruit_character = WAT_annalee_the_swift
recruit_character = WAT_aylmer
recruit_character = WAT_stal_flugel
recruit_character = WAT_kendrick_flugel
recruit_character = WAT_watertown_boatman
recruit_character = WAT_silry_thunder
recruit_character = WAT_strongheart
recruit_character = WAT_gandalf_the_grey
recruit_character = WAT_hereward_northern
recruit_character = WAT_meriida_strangelight

add_ideas = {
	communal_society
	WAT_holy_srings
	lack_of_scientists

	WAT_council_of_keepers # This needs to be added after being recruited.
}
